[Google Cloud Storage Catalog Backend] Add User-Agent as Header to identify Backstage use case for GCP telemetry (#22842)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/neat-kiwis-joke.md

> ---
> '@backstage/backend-common': minor
> ---
> 
> adds a User-Agent header to existing API requests in this package to clearly identify API requests from this Google Cloud Storage. headers are formatted as follows where `userAgent` is the property and the value is `backstage/kubernetes-backend.GkeClusterLocator/${packageinfo.version}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@backstage/backend-common': patch
---

Add a User-Agent header for calls towards Google Cloud Storage.
```

No breaking change, and simplified it a bit
